Progress report Comments: (Draft)

Absence- You are in danger of failing this course! I am concerned about your absences. Missing from class puts an undue hardship on you. What we are learning in this class requires that you be present. We have a lot of material to cover in a very short period of time and when you are absent, you fall behind. You need to be in every scheduled class, on time, and ready to work. Attendance is one of the keys to success and is a good trait to develop as you prepare for your career after graduation and part of being a professional. 
Tardiness- You are in danger of failing this course! I have observed that you often are tardy for class. Because of the amount of material we have to cover in class, we must begin our lesson on time. When you come in late, you place an undue burden on yourself and your classmates.  Sometimes things occur that cause us to be late. We have to plan on being early to any appointment, meeting or class so that if something does occur, we will still be on time.  Being on time is a good trait to develop as you prepare for your career after graduation and part of being a professional.
Poor Quality Work- You are in danger of failing this course! I have some concerns about the quality of the work you are submitting. As you are well aware, we try to work with our students to develop their talents and skills.  Based on my experiences with you, I know you have the ability to do the work that is required of  you to a higher quality than what I am observing. If I can be of help in improving the quality of your work, see me. I’d be happy to explain areas for your improvement.  We are trying to prepare all of our students for the high expectations of their careers once they graduate.
Missing Work- You are in danger of failing this course! Based on my records, you are missing assignments. If my records are in error, please see me to correct them. If your work is truly missing, you need to see me to resolve this issue. Assignments are expected to be turned in on time and completed as well as you can. Late assignments or poor quality work establishes bad habits for your performance once you get into your career. It is necessary to speak with me privately at your earliest convenience to address this missing work. 
Not Prepared-  You are in danger of failing this course! I observe that you are coming to class unprepared. Each class period is demanding in what we have to accomplish and what you have to learn. When you come to class unprepared, you add to the demands of that particular class.  If there are issues which are causing you to come to class unprepared, please speak with me privately to see if I can help you resolve those issues. It is expected that you come to class ready and prepared to learn and do what is asked of you. This is what is expected of you in your career also.
Failing at Mid-quarter- You are in danger of failing this course! You have received a failing grade for this course at the mid-quarter. Your failure may be based on incomplete assignments, absences, tardiness or  poor quality work. See me immediately after class to discuss your situation and together we may be able find a solution to this issue.
